All right for moving on with our two implementations and we're going to learn a couple of more things
about you two and how to do debt basic operations aren't easy too.
So let's take an overview of what we're going to do in this section in this section.
We're going to learn how to describe the two instances.
We're going to be describing like every property of an EASY TO instance of a running easy to instance
actually.
And then we're going to learn how to modify those easy to instances running on a with us and then we're
going to learn how to start E.C two instances and we're going to also learn how to stop and have to
terminate those two instances on a date with us.
So these are as you can see the basic operations zone is the two that you can invoke.
So it's highly critical to know these things and learn how to do that.
So to start implementing these actions I'll be seeing you on the next video.